The Joe Rogan experience. Nothing can ever stop me cuz I'm a comic. Right?
Right.
Nothing can stop us nothing because we have some weird DNA bend
that we just have to get the last laugh. Right. We have to get the laugh.
And so.
I have to, I'm just glad you're back to stand up too. I'm I'm really,
really excited about that. I don't.
Know about that. It wasn't sparking joy as that woman says, she says,
if you're doing anything in your life, that is not sparking joy,
then it. Who's had that, that lady that tells you to throw out your clothes,
that don't spark joy.
Oh, she like a minimalist lady.
Uh, I don't know. She's on the internet. Oh, okay.
<Laugh>.
She's really helped me cuz I'm a hoarder.
Yeah, me too. A little bit tell by this desk,
I got a lot of knicknacks and stuff I save. Yeah.
I uh, but you were you saying that standup wasn't sparking joy. Yeah.
When was it? It.
Wasn't sparking joy.
In the past. Yeah. In the last few mm-hmm <affirmative> you know, in a while.
Cause I'm so nervous. It's like, oh my God, I get so nervous cuz I,
I don't really know. I don't really know anymore. You know?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't really the funny moved.
I see what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it does.
And um, like I was saying,
I need a line one killer line,
one killer opening line that encapsulates the entire
year. I've just lived through. Right, right.
I need that kind of a line or it's not gonna work for me, you know? Um,
cause everybody knows something happened. Sure. Yeah.
And I just don't talk about it that much. I can call everybody a and you know.
<Laugh> do you ever work with writers? Like stand standup writers? Yeah. No, I.
Want to, but all my friends are dead. Oh
co-writing comic friends are dead.
I'm sure we connect to Israel and became COBA.
You know, who would be great? Who Tony Hinch. Cliff. Who's.
That is that he's.
Hilarious. How old? He's a great comic. He's 36.
Oh that's a good age. Yeah.
35 36. That's a, that's a good age. Yeah. He's really funny. Really?
He sees things weird, fantastic joke writer.
And he writes for roasts all the time. He's a big roast.
Writer joke. Oh I love roast too.
I would love to connect you with him. I would love that if you would, you know,
hoes, your thoughts.
You know, you know, uh, the comics are the, the comics that like me, you know,
push this.
Mic up to you a little closer to you. Oh there we go.
The comics that like me, everybody likes you. Well.
I know that.
Comics do. Yeah. The comics. Well, some don't like me. Well they're silly. Yeah.
Well some's and they're going, they're looking for a smack down.
I see this every and believe me when the day comes,
they will get their smack down from me, Joe. I believe that.
And it will not be like no smack down they've ever had before in their
privileged little lives.
<laugh> this will be your you're gonna raise your kids on welfare when I'm done
with your. Whoa kind of thing. Cuz I was raised on welfare. I was.
As well. Were you? Yeah. Well until we were like 13,
14 mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah.
Did you get the government.
Cheese? We did. We didn't get the government cheese.
No. Hey, my dad used to take that whole five pound brick of cheese.
You know my dad was the greatest comic really <affirmative> yeah. But crazy.
Like never knowing when to stop. Cause it stops being funny at a certain point.
Right. But keep pushing it and pushing it till somebody slaps you down.
Like yeah. It's that DNA thing that comics have it's bad.
It is bad. Like my friends, Sue mans. Remember her.
Joe Sue angers. I do know the name. Yeah.
Well she was a kinder, kinder, whatever it was,
where they moved these Jewish children from Germany to England kinder
sport or something mm-hmm <affirmative> and uh, you know, to save them.
And she was one of those and uh,
her dad was a in Germany and it's just so it's so weird
how things go around and around and we'll get to what we're gonna talk about
today. But her dad was a comic in Germany, uh, you know, real funny,
real popular. And uh,
Hitler came and took over and he kept on telling the jokes. You know,
he was telling the jokes,
wherever he went every little club doing the jokes and he was warn don't,
you know, switch up your joke, man, if you wanna keep working,
switch that joke up to be, you know, not what you're saying,
you know, and he wouldn't do it.
And she said he even got louder and he was arrested and of course
murdered in Auschwitz, but she, he lived and she said, I said, what,
what would you say to your dad? Now? She said, you know,
at a certain point it stops being funny, do something different, you know,
don't be, don't write it to the destructive.
Don't go all the else way over, you know, try, stay in the middle.
Don't destruct yourself for comedy.
Isn't that the problem with some comics though,
like we don't really know where the line is until you cross it and then you go,
oh, I up.
I crossed the line mm-hmm <affirmative> but you're just trying to be funny.
Yeah. And that's, that's something that I think that noncoms,
don't really understand when, when a comic up makes a mistake.
They're just trying to be funny. They're not trying to be mean. Yeah.
And they just missed, they missed. Right.
And it happens all the time because you're creating, you know, you're,
adlibbing, you're, you're,
you're basically improvising and that's a lot of what comedy is,
is improvising a line and trying to say something.
And in the moment you might think it's funny,
but if you had more time to think about it, you might have said, oh,
I shouldn't say it that way. People are gonna get it wrong.
Or maybe I should recorrect. But.
But that's when you start being not funny. Cause self censorship,
that's how they want us to be. They want us to like always be like,
should I say this? Or shouldn't I say this? And you know,
just like her dad there in Germany, you know, should I say this?
Or should I say that? Or instead of, I guess the more intelligent of us go,
how can I say this and reach people? Yeah.
Cause you know, the people are thinking just like you cuz they're people too.